Update customer-key-manage.md (#7582)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/compliance/customer-key-manage.md

## Roll back from Customer Key to Microsoft managed Keys

> If you need to revert to Microsoft-managed keys, you can in exchange. When you offboard, your data is re-encrypted using default encryption supported by each individual workload. For example, Exchange Online supports default encryption using Microsoft-managed keys. Roll back is not supported in SPO. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Exchange Online, if you need to revert to Microsoft-managed keys, you can. When you offboard, your data is re-encrypted using default encryption supported by each individual workload. For example, Exchange Online supports default encryption using Microsoft-managed keys. In SharePoint, you can't revert to Microsoft-managed keys, rollback is not supported. 
```

Reviewer 2: Slight change to Johan's suggestion.

In Exchange Online, if you need to revert ...
In SharePoint, you can't revert to Microsoft-managed keys, roll back is not supported.

Reviewer 2: @sathana87

Reviewer: Thank you @KCCross. I've changed my suggestion accordingly.
